# Part 1a
1. values added: 20
2. final result: 20
3. values added: 20
4. The code returns an error because variables declared with `let` are only visible inside the code block where the declaration occurred. In this case, the `result` variable is delcared using `let`, so it is only visible inside the `if` code block, and therefore it is not visible on line 13.
5. The code returns an error because variables declared with `const` cannot be reassigned after its first assignment. In this case, the `result` variable is declared using `const` and is given a value of 0 on line 5, so the attempt to reassign `result` to `num1 + num2` on line 7 is not allowed.
6. The code returns an error because for the same reason as in question 5.

# Part 1b
1. Since `i` is declared using `var`, it is visible outside of the `for` loop. Additionally `i` is incremented in the `for` loop until it is greater than or equal to the length of `prices`. Therefore, because `prices` has a length of `3` in this case, line 12 prints 3 to the console.
2. Since `discountedPrice` is declared using `var`, it is visible outside of the `for` loop. Additionally, during each iteration of the `for` loop, `discountedPrice` gets reassigned to `prices[i] * (1 - discount)`. The last value in `prices` is 300 and the value of discount is 0.5 in this case, so the last value of `discountedPrice` is 300 * (1 - 0.5) = 150. Therefore, line 13 prints 150 to the console.
3. `finalPrice` is declared before the `for` loop, so it is visible throughout the function. Additionally, during each iteration of the `for` loop, `finalPrice` gets reassigned to `Math.round(discountedPrice * 100) / 100`. The last value in `prices` is 300 and the value of discount is 0.5 in this case, so the last value of `discountedPrice` is 300 * (1 - 0.5) = 150. So, the last value of `finalPrice` is Math.round(150 * 100) / 100 = 150. Therefore, line 14 prints 150 to the console.
4. The function returns an array of values containing the discounted values of the input prices. In this case, `prices` is [100, 200, 300] and `discount` is 0.5, so the function returns [50, 100, 150].
5. Since `i` is declared using `let`, it is visible only within the `for` loop. Therefore, when the code attempts to print `i` on line 12 after the `for` loop, it will cause an error.
6. Since `discountedPrice` is declared using `let`, it is visible only within the `for` loop. Therefore, when the code attempts to print `discountedPrice` on line 13 after the `for` loop, it will cause an error.
7. `finalPrice` is declared before the `for` loop, so it is visible throughout the function. Additionally, during each iteration of the `for` loop, `finalPrice` gets reassigned to `Math.round(discountedPrice * 100) / 100`. The last value in `prices` is 300 and the value of discount is 0.5 in this case, so the last value of `discountedPrice` is 300 * (1 - 0.5) = 150. So, the last value of `finalPrice` is Math.round(150 * 100) / 100 = 150. Therefore, line 14 prints 150 to the console.
8. The function returns an array of values containing the discounted values of the input prices. In this case, `prices` is [100, 200, 300] and `discount` is 0.5, so the function returns [50, 100, 150].
9. Since `i` is declared using `let`, it is visible only within the `for` loop. Therefore, when the code attempts to print `i` on line 11 after the `for` loop, it will cause an error.
10. `finalPrice` is declared as a `const` before the `for` loop, so it is visible throughout the function. It is never reassigned in this code, so there is no error. Since the length of `prices` in this case is 3, line 12 prints 3 to the console.
11. The function returns an array of values containing the discounted values of the input prices. In this case, `prices` is [100, 200, 300] and `discount` is 0.5, so the function returns [50, 100, 150].
12. A. `student.name` <br> B. `student['Grad Year']` <br> C. `student.greeting()` <br> D. `student['Favorite Teacher'].name` <br> E. `student.courseLoad[0]`
13. A. '32' -- the number 2 gets mapped to the string '2' and then gets concatenated to the string '3' <br> B. 1 -- the string '3' gets mapped to the number 3 and then 2 gets subtracted from it <br> C. 3 -- the null gets mapped to the number 0 and then gets subtracted from 3 <br> D. '3null' -- null gets mapped to the string 'null' and then gets concatenated to the string '3' <br> E. 4 -- true gets mapped to the number 1 and then gets added to 3 <br> F. 0 -- both false and null get mapped to 0 and then get added together <br> G. '3undefined' -- undefined gets mapped to the string 'undefined' and then gets concatenated to the string '3' <br> H. Nan -- undefined gets mapped to NaN, so the arithmetic operation results in NaN
14. A. true -- the string '2' gets mapped to the number 2, which is greater than the number 1 <br> B. false -- the string '2' comes lexicographically after the string '12' <br> C. true -- the string '2' gets mapped to the number 2, which equals the number 2 <br> D. false -- the number 2 and the string '2' are of different types, so they are not equal by strict comparison <br> E. false -- true gets mapped to the number 1, which is not equal to the number 2 <br> F. true -- Boolean(2) gets mapped to the boolean true, which is strictly equal to the boolean true
15. The == operator tests for equality with type conversion, whereas the === operator tests for equality without doing any type conversion
16. answer can be found [here](/part1/part1b-question16.js)
17. The `modifyArray` function takes an array and a callback as parameters then loops through the array and calls the callback function on each entry in the array. Since the callback function takes an input parameter and multiplies it by 2, the `modifyArray` function multiplies each entry in the input array by 2 and returns a new array with those new values. So, this code returns [2, 4, 6].
18. answer can be found [here](/part1/part1b-question18.js)
19. The output of the code is: <br> 1 <br> 4 <br> 3 <br> 2